COUNTRIES = {
	c:SPA = {
		start_militar = yes
	}
	c:POR = {
		start_militar = yes
	}
	c:SWE = {
		start_militar = yes
	}
	c:YUG = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:RUS = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor



	}
	c:FIN = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:POL = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:VEL = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:SRB = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:EGE = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:CZH = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:AUS = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:HUN = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:WAL = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:BUL = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:GRE = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:ALB = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:VEN = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:COR = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
}