COUNTRIES = {
	c:OVM = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	
}
	c:KON = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
	c:MPT = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
	c:NAM = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
	c:WSG = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
	c:ZND = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
	c:HAU = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
	c:MOS = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
	c:MAL = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
	c:SAH = {
activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_freedom_of_conscience
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_mercantilism
activate_law = law_type:law_agrarianism
activate_law = law_type:law_appointed_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_private_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_migration_controls
activate_law = law_type:law_proffesional_army
activate_law = law_type:law_national_guard
activate_law = law_type:law_law_professional_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_all_unions_allowed
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_no_social_security
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor		}
}