COUNTRIES = {
	c:ARG = {
		start_militar = yes
		activate_law = law_type:law_technocracy
	c:PTG = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:ALT = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:MAY = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:CUB = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:NIC = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:BOL = {
set_next_election_date = 1973.9.9

effect_starting_politics_liberal = no
effect_starting_technology_tier_1_tech = yes


activate_law = law_type:law_council_republic
activate_law = law_type:law_communist_dictatorship
activate_law = law_type:law_state_atheism
activate_law = law_type:law_women_own_property
activate_law = law_type:law_cultural_exclusion
activate_law = law_type:law_isolationism
activate_law = law_type:law_command_economy
activate_law = law_type:law_hereditary_bureaucrats
activate_law = law_type:law_local_police
activate_law = law_type:law_public_schools
activate_law = law_type:law_censorship
activate_law = law_type:law_closed_borders
activate_law = law_type:law_mass_conscription
activate_law = law_type:law_no_home_affairs
activate_law = law_type:law_noble_officers
activate_law = law_type:law_confederated
activate_law = law_type:law_land_based_taxation
activate_law = law_type:law_tenant_farmers
activate_law = law_type:law_private_health_insurance
activate_law = law_type:law_syndicalism
activate_law = law_type:law_no_workers_rights
activate_law = law_type:law_wage_subsidies
activate_law = law_type:law_limited_work_hours
activate_law = law_type:law_restricted_child_labor	}
	c:USA = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
	c:CAN = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
	c:MEX = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
	c:PEU = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
	c:CHL = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
	c:CLM = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
	c:VNZ = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
	c:ECU = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
	c:BRZ = {
		start_presidential = yes
	}
}